## Instructions
*Matthew has been assigned the designated team scribe role. These are his entries.*  
## Meetings


### 2022-04-06-22 at 5:00 pm
*Attendees: Mitchell, Matthew, Zander

*Tasks: <br>
1. Mitchell created a team repo to begin our project (including meetings, readme, requirements files)
2. We discussed how to divide up projects features based on their level of complexity <br>
	*As of right now, we each need to finish the "Functional" and "Non Functional" requirements (12 functional and 4 nonfunctional per person in total

### 2022-04-14 at 10:30 am
*Attendees: Muhammad, Matthew, Zander

*Tasks:
1. We discussed each of our functional, non functional requirements, and use cases <br>
	*Our current progress is each teammate has functional requirements completed
3. We expect to have all non functional requirements and use cases finished by next meeting

### 2022-04-15-22 at 10:00 am
*Attendees: Muhammad, Matthew, Zander

*Tasks:
1. We made a final edit for our team requirements and uses cases 
	*All suggestions condensed down into a list of 10 functional, 4 non functional, and 6 use cases

### 2022-04-24-22 at 1:00 pm
*Attendees: Muhammad, Matthew, Zander, Mitchell

*Tasks:
1. Zander, Matthew, and Mitchell tried debugging "Login" issue from Muhammad's branch in repository <br>
	*We need more time to determine why URL is failing to load (suspected issue is from Muhammad's "routes.py" file
2. Matthew filled out Gantt Chart sections pertaining to Functional/Non Functional Requirements, including "Planned Start","Actual Start", "Planned Duration" and "Actual Duration" <br>
	*Planned Duration for each requirement is expected to differ from Actual Duration (accounting for debugging issues with URLs, template inheritance, and routes <br>
	*Zander and Muhammad gave input on how "Period" section should be filled out
3. Zander started filling out the "Title" and "Introduction" sections for "README.md" file <br>
	*More sections of file will be completed once our functions have been implemented fully
4. Mitchell began working on boiler plate code for entire team to use for functions
5. As a team, we decided how to break up the tasks for the entire project <br>
	*Team Gantt Chart shows initials of our names next to each of our assigned tasks

### 2022-05-1-22 at 5:00 pm
*Attendees: Muhammad, Matthew, Mitchell

*Tasks:

1. Muhammad had some issues with numerous forks created on GitHub, so Mitchell helped establish a proper branch for him <br>
	*We created a branch called "integration_feature" which will have the most current versions of our commits

2. Mitchell showed Matthew how he implemented the "POST" command for "new_listing.html" and Matthew tried applying that same concept to the "purchase.html" file <br>
	*Currently, the purchase page does offer 3 types of payment: credit, debit, and paypal (deciding whether or not to include cvv option for data security)

3. Latest commits were pulled by ALL teammates from master branch <br>
	*We will be pushing to integration_feature soon

4. Matthew filled out "How to Use", "List of Features", "Introduction", "Technologies Used" and "Title" sections of our README file <br>
	*Each section is subject to change, but primary information has been added <br>
	*Zander will be filling out "Acknowledgements" and "How to Install" sections


### 2022-05-3-22 at 1:30 pm
*Attendees: Muhammad, Matthew, Zander, Mitchell

*Tasks:

1. Muhammad updated group on his progress with Home page <br>
	*We are still deciding on a generic color which will be used throughout the website (options are blue, orange, green)
2. Zander and Mitchell worked together on how the format of "Profile.html" should appear to users<br>
	*The page contains a user profile pic, their location (currently San Francisco), email, delete account option, and any of their current listings featured on website

3. Matthew worked on updating the meeting minutes because the original file had improper spacing <br>
	*He also updated the team gantt chart with progress tabs on each of MVP 1's expected requiremtns

4. Our project is rather close to being completed<br>
	*Team will soon discuss how to implement non-functional requirements such as Dark Mode